# rickandmorty
#rickandmorty rick : hey morty, I'm inside you lol, lmao, and rofl... Rick sanchez has shrunkin himself down so that he could travel inside of morty, to fight the horibble parasites, that Morty picked up on a previous adventure............coming soon......                                                       i wish........                                                    Written by,                                       Bryan Michael Selvidge  Bryan Selvidge &lt;========&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;   heres the link to my Facebook........ #bryanselvidge ..... of course my music is on http://www.reverbnation.com/ &lt;======&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  or >>>>>=======> or http://www.soundclick.com/ ... Just search for bryan selvidge.       I am writing more, and more fan fiction, and some fan facts......lol.... Do you get it ..... Oh yeah, for the people in the past lol means laugh out loud. And lmao means laughing my ass off, and rofl means, rolling on the floor laughing.......oh, that sounds like something rick, or Ricardo Sanchez, would say. #mortyandrick #cartoon #adultswim Mortimers last name not revealed yet.... Well, whats morty, and Summer's dad's last name? Jerry something or other. Bethany Sanchez was their mothers maiden name...... I guess, rick then says, " yeah jerry, what is the families last name?" " Go ahead, tell them." Im gonna go watch inter-dimentional cable and watch the corn cops from the dimension where the species of humanoid life is made of corn.... The world of corn people. Maybe they could have a corn cop get attacked by a giant crow, or raven....I love writing. Summer walks in... Summer : that was sad and funny at the same time, seeing the ravens attack the corn people..let's watch something else. Morty then says, " hey, grandpa Rick, is your first name ricardo, or richard?... And is mom's name Bethany, or Elizabeth? I'm confused again....oh geez." Rick : "Shut the frigg up Mortimer, I go by both... It used to be, Ricardo Sanchez..... But, that was years ago, before i met Elizabeth's mother. Yes its probably, Elizabeth... " then gerald " gerry" Smith walks into the living room and says, " the last name is smith rick, and I hope you know, my family lineage comes from a long lineage of blacksmiths... Or my last name is columbus...or anderson.... This is all to confusing. You used a memory erasing thingy ma bobber on us, didn't you?" Rick: " yeah, I don't know if I did, or didn't...." Gerald : what!" Rick: " I must have used it on myself last because, I can't remember my middle name. Oh this could be bad, I think were clones.? Gerald walks by talking to himself mumbling " Now it could be Gerald Johnson." Then rick says, " I hope my first name is ricardo, because people named richard also go my dick...., and i wouldn't want people calling me something that means penis." Summer from the couch, then says, "grandpa said dick." And proceeds to gigle three light giggles.........this is an excerpt from rick and morty the memory loss fixation on cartoon character's middle names, and why it even matters the .concept.                                                            Written by,                             Bryan Michael Selvidge  P.S.  since ricks last name is Sanchez, which is a Spanish last name, his whole first name is probably ricardo.... Morty will probably say, " your a dick rick... Your just a dick, and its because you know to much... You just push everyone away....and what are our middle names, I mean, it must be strange not having a nick name Dick!" Summer then would say " oh, here comes mom guys." Beth then says, "morty!, don't call your grandpa dick." Slowly gerri says, " I'm going to call him dick all the time now.... What, he's always hurting my feelings honey." Soothingly beth then spoke the words, " He only does it to teach you and help you become a more intelligent husband for me and the kids.... Snugglemuffin. " gerri caringly and softly then uttered awe, you havent called be snugglemuffin since before your father moved in with us. Do you remember my pet name for you?" Beth said, yeah, you call me cuddlebug caring, and affectionately." Then gerri questionally told beth, " I guess I learn a lot from your father, but morty is growing more worried, and more worried, each an every moment that passes by, and every sentence out of his mouth is complaining about why things are the way they are...., but Mortimer would say, " the citadel of ricks was destroyed, so the universe, in this dimension, only has one of each of us left. The golden portal that the evil, genocidal morty went through after he destroyed the citadel of ricks, do you know anything about that morty, because i dont like knowing that there is an I, that could be so horrible, and despicably just, evil..., anyways complainingly, and worrysomely...................this story will be added to someday. This was fan fact, and fan fiction, partially.  I can't wait to see season six of rick and morty next week. Available on cartoon network, on adult swim.... This was my chore to do today..... Maybe gerri's last name is adams? The writer Gary North a.k.a. Bryan Michael Selvidge my first short story as Gary North is called #SpidersintheAttic i would say its a story about existing here in this dimension, and all of the scenarios that humans live through, great and worse, bad, and good, and of course... All of the stuff in between the holy, and Evil, horrible, and wonderfull.... Its a bothction book, both fiction and non-fiction.... Don't rip into this one to hard critics, i love critics, with criticizing of the words, arrives the option of perfection. But theres only one thing that is perfect and that is he, the lord, the creator of this universe who is my lord, and savior... Jesus Christ. This medium size message is for god, maybe It, She or He will enjoy my creations, heres my favorite prayer. Dear god,    I bryan michael selvidge pray that every living being that existed, exists, or will exist transfers to heaven, when god decides the being would not breathe another breath, and that the being is safe, happy, and with they're relatives that have become deceased, please, pretty please, with sugar on top... In Jesus name I pray Amen#rickandmorty rick : hey morty, I'm inside you lol, lmao, and rofl... Rick sanchez has dhrunkin himself down so that he could travel inside of morty, to fight the horibble parasites, that Morty picked up on a previous adventure............coming soon......                                                       i wish........                                                    Written by,                                       Bryan Michael Selvidge  Bryan Selvidge &lt;========&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;   heres the link to my Facebook........ #bryanselvidge ..... of course my music is on http://www.reverbnation.com/ &lt;======&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  or >>>>>=======> or http://www.soundclick.com/ ... Just search for bryan selvidge.       I am writing more, and more fan fiction, and some fan facts......lol.... Do you get it ..... Oh yeah, for the people in the past lol means laugh out loud. And lmao means laughing my ass off, and rofl means, rolling on the floor laughing.......oh, that sounds like something rick, or Ricardo Sanchez, would say. #mortyandrick #cartoon #adultswim Mortimers last name not revealed yet.... Well, whats morty, and Summer's dad's last name? Jerry something or other. Bethany Sanchez was their mothers maiden name...... I guess, rick then says, " yeah jerry, what is the families last name?" " Go ahead, tell them." Im gonna go watch inter-dimentional cable and watch the corn cops from the dimension where the species of humanoid life is made of corn.... The world of corn people. Maybe they could have a corn cop get attacked by a giant crow, or raven....I love writing. Summer walks in... Summer : that was sad and funny at the same time, seeing the ravens attack the corn people..let's watch something else. Morty then says, " hey, grandpa Rick, is your first name ricardo, or richard?... And is mom's name Bethany, or Elizabeth? I'm confused again....oh geez." Rick : "Shut the frigg up Mortimer, I go by both... It used to be, Ricardo Sanchez..... But, that was years ago, before i met Elizabeth's mother. Yes its probably, Elizabeth... " then gerald " gerry" Smith walks into the living room and says, " the last name is smith rick, and I hope you know, my family lineage comes from a long lineage of blacksmiths... Or my last name is columbus...or anderson.... This is all to confusing. You used a memory erasing thingy ma bobber on us, didn't you?" Rick: " yeah, I don't know if I did, or didn't...." Gerald : what!" Rick: " I must have used it on myself last because, I can't remember my middle name. Oh this could be bad, I think were clones.? Gerald walks by talking to himself mumbling " Now it could be Gerald Johnson." Then rick says, " I hope my first name is ricardo, because people named richard also go my dick...., and i wouldn't want people calling me something that means penis." Summer from the couch, then says, "grandpa said dick." And proceeds to gigle three light giggles.........this is an excerpt from rick and morty the memory loss fixation on cartoon character's middle names, and why it even matters the .concept.                                                            Written by,                             Bryan Michael Selvidge  P.S.  since ricks last name is Sanchez, which is a Spanish last name, his whole first name is probably ricardo.... Morty will probably say, " your a dick rick... Your just a dick, and its because you know to much... You just push everyone away....and what are our middle names, I mean, it must be strange not having a nick name Dick!" Summer then would say " oh, here comes mom guys." Beth then says, "morty!, don't call your grandpa dick." Slowly gerri says, " I'm going to call him dick all the time now.... What, he's always hurting my feelings honey." Soothingly beth then spoke the words, " He only does it to teach you and help you become a more intelligent husband for me and the kids.... Snugglemuffin. " gerri caringly and softly then uttered awe, you havent called be snugglemuffin since before your father moved in with us. I guess I learn a lot from your father, but morty is growing more worried, and more worried, each an every moment that passes by, and every sentence out of his mouth is complaining about why things are the way they are...., but Mortimer would say, " the citadel of ricks was destroyed, so the universe, in this dimension, only has one of each of us left. The golden portal that the evil, genocidal morty went through after he destroyed the citadel of ricks, do you know anything about that morty, because i dont like knowing that there is an I, that could be so horrible, and despicably just, evil..., anyways complainingly, and worrysomely...................this story will be added to someday. This was fan fact, and fan fiction, partially.  I can't wait to see season six of rick and morty next week. Available on cartoon network, on adult swim.... This was my chore to do today..... Maybe gerri's last name is adams? The writer Gary North a.k.a. Bryan Michael Selvidge my first short story as Gary North is called #SpidersintheAttic i would say its a story about existing here in this dimension, and all of the scenarios that humans live through, great and worse, bad, and good, and of course... All of the stuff in between the holy, and Evil, horrible, and wonderfull.... Its a bothction book, both fiction and non-fiction.... 
